Adobe Acrobat PDF Files
Adobe® Portable Document Format (PDF) is a universal file format that preserves all
of the fonts, formatting, colours and graphics of any source document, regardless of

the application and platform used to create it.
Adobe PDF is an ideal format for electronic document distribution as it overcomes the
problems commonly encountered with electronic file sharing.
 Anyone, anywhere can open a PDF file. All you need is the free Adobe Acrobat
Reader. Recipients of other file formats sometimes can't open files because they
don't have the applications used to create the documents.
 PDF files 
always print correctly
 on any printing device.
 PDF files always display 
exactly
 as created, regardless of fonts, software, and
operating systems. Fonts, and graphics are not lost due to platform, software, and
version incompatibilities.
 The free Acrobat Reader is easy to download and can be freely distributed by
anyone.
 Compact PDF files are smaller than their source files and download a
page at a time for fast display on the Web.
A Case Study on how Ethio-ICT Village 
manage its investors and their day to 
day service requests
Single Window 
Portal
CSM TechnologiesGovernment of EthiopiaGovernment
of Ethiopia
Single Window is an 
online system for 
approvals and sanctions 
for the establishments 
and operations of the 
Industries in the Ethio-
ICT Village of Ethiopia. 
One-stop service delivery 
platform ensures a 
single point access 
to consolidated and 
integrated government 
and business services 
through the use of Web 
Portal.
IntroductionThe Government of Ethiopia has a vision to develop Ethiopia as a premier ICT center of Africa, with a stronghold on public infrastructure and industrial parks for more focused approach towards developing the country as a hub for light manufacturing in Africa.  The government is committed to develop EthioICT-Village with a paid up capital investment of 4.2 billion Birr. Ministry of Communication and Information Technology (MCIT) is engaged in strengthening the ongoing initiatives aimed at improving citizens‚ service deliveries while contributing to economic and social development of the country. To develop the ICT industry of the country, much focus goes into the establishment and management of the ICT parkThere are several citizen-centric and trade-centric services that needs to talk to each other for not only transparency but also for and approvals. Apart from the immense highway between the citizen/trade and the government, availability of the services online through a single sign-on was the need of the hour. It was envisaged that the solution should simplify the delivery of all such government services and allow traders to access information and transact with government Single window Portal (SWP) Ethiopia has a Content Management System (CMS) at its heart, and is developed to connect, link, integrate and transact with government services spread across various ministries and service delivery channel between industries and the government.  SWP Ethiopia is a WebPortal that integrates the activities of the Facility and Compliant Management aspect of the park for ICT Companies. The solution has been designed such that based on the outcome of e-government services (e-Services) for citizens and businesses, and the individual government services, it can be scaled up to integrate with the Service Ethio-ICT Village portal to allow single window online services.SolutionThe main aim of the Single Window Portal  is to provide a One-stop government and business service suite. The MCIT was looking to simplify the delivery of government services for ICT Business in Ethio-ICT Village to allow customers to access information and transact with selected government ministries and agencies online in a streamlined manner.Single Window Portal (SWP) for Ethio-ICT Park, has a four-fold approach to cover all the requirements Œ Facility Management solutions, Feedback Management solutions, Integration system and a Content Management System. Facility Management
Investors can choose land from a Cadastral map view and spaces can be allotted to them after transparent bidding process. The investors can seek approval for construction purposes on the lands allotted to them. Apart from that, this module covers the asset management requirement of the ICT park, from keeping stock of the inventory of the assets to paying rent and record keeping of the maintenance programs. They can book common venues/spaces, pay their rents online, and raise trouble-shooting tickets. Last but not the least the tenants are also provided with a system generated One-card where they are able to pre-book services and assets of the park.  Feedback Management System
Apart from providing an organically developed Investors guide complete with rats and maps to view and choose from, they are also tagged to existing lessees to complete the whole cycle. However the main feature of this suite of applications is to provide a console for putting forth issue to culmination upon redressal.  Integration Console
The Single window portal stands true to its name by providing an integration expressway to all major government service deliveries applications. Either via an embedded URL or by providing a gateway, it allows for information capture at just one place for several applications across all ministries.It provides seamless integration with Integrate with Ethio-Telecomm, Commercial bank of Ethiopia, Identifying & Integrating transactional services of e-services Ethiopia, and ERCA. A dynamic approval process, assures all requisitions raised in any of the aforementioned services or at the SWP portal, gives out information at the latter. Truly making it a single window portal for all services. Content Management Solution
This set of application ensures that no content is outdated. The CMS provides a self-publishing The CMS handles the event calendar and the newsroom through a very simple publishing tool. The USP however remains to be the multilingual entry form for all the content managed pages. Apart from this main module, CMS also provides an Investor registration form for any interested industry and/or visitor.provide insight into content management by throwing upon the most visited webpages and thus keeping the content relevant.CSM Technologies
is a pioneering GovTech 
organization that harnesses the power of 
existing and emerging 
technologies to provide 
solutions with a tangible 

of citizens™ lives.